Update New-AzureADMSGroup.md (#820)
Azure/azure-docs-powershell-azuread: azureadps-2.0/AzureAD/New-AzureADMSGroup.md

```

### -GroupTypes
Specifies that the group is a unified or dynamic group. 

Notes: 

> * This parameter currently cannot be used to create dynamic groups. To create a dynamic group in PowerShell, you must use the AzureADPreview module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This parameter currently cannot be used to create dynamic groups. To create a dynamic group in PowerShell, you must use the AzureAD Preview module.
```
